# A Short Fictonal Story

  On a tranquil mid-evening on a coastal island, birds were chirping, flowers were blooming simultaneously, water was splashing down the river, and the people were continuously minding their own business. Near the center of the island stood a vast meadow with an abundant amount of switchgrasses and sunflowers evenly spread throughout the field. Everything seemed enthusiastically ordinary, but suddenly, all the birds quickly hid in their nests, the flowers lightly orientated their head in the shadow behind the bushes and the little splashes of water literally became unheard; it was the anonymous presence of a fair-haired boy and a blue-eyed girl, walking side-by-side with each other.

“So, Monica, how do you I think I did back there?” asked the boy while counting a handful of money he was holding on.
Monica replied, flabbergasted, “You did great brother! But does your back still hurt from all the lifting?”
“A little, but I’m ok.” he paused for a moment, then continued, “Moni, you know why I took you here all the time?”
“I don’t know. Is this your favorite place?” 
“Precisely, I hang ‘round here all the time – when I’m depressed, angry or... normal.” 
He wasn’t sure why he emphasized the word ‘normal’ at the end; it kind of gave him a thought about it. Eventually, his sister intervened his thought and questioned him, “So how are we going to split the money, brother?”
“Split? What do you mean?” the boy echoed.
“The money. We need it to keep starvation at bay.”
“Look,” his face looked even more serious than before, “It’s just that we’ve been out of the orphanage, that doesn’t mean you must always rely on me to survive.
“You gotta earn the money by yourself. This is my part and you haven’t had yours.”
Monica’s sudden impression changed from feeling jovial to feeling uneasy about this problem, “But-”
“But what?” her brother cut over her before she could even finish her sentence.
“But we’re brothers and sisters, Dave. Although I’m not good enough to find money for us two, I also encouraged you a lot. You can’t just abandon me like that.”
“Well, sure of a hell I would. Go and find some money yourself, then we’ll be brothers and sisters” Dave’s voice was surprisingly, up until this moment, clinical as always.
In account for what Dave said, Monica’s eyes began to weep, almost uttering a cry. Then she covered both half of her face with each of her hands; after that, she turned and shuffled far away from the meadow.
Thereafter, Dave decided there’s nothing else to do but to also leave the scene and return to his tedious, grim and horrible little slum. After leaving the meadow, the sky extraordinarily turned dark-gray and the clouds were concealed in a chain of black smoke – it was raining. Dave quickly put the stack of money he’s earned inside his pocket below his roughly torn shirt. Despite the fact of getting a cold, the boy continued striding with such ease that some people, whom were getting inside their shelter persistently, got trembled but also surprised at Dave’s resilience against the cold. In the meantime, as he was still striding on the slippery, rocky ground, Dave was thinking about his sister: he felt that it was the right thing to do to her, that she needed to be more liberated in her own life. But he didn’t sure how he was feeling – it was neither happy, nor depressed, nor lonely or nor ordinary for him. However, Dave could assure himself that there was definitely a hint of grief thriving inside him.

A week had passed, and Monica hadn’t been home since that day, but this didn’t have that big of an impact on Dave; he still had the same thought in which he thinks that Monica still hadn’t found enough money to reunite with her brother and that she’s still working hard to accumulate wealth. Ever since that day, the sky, from mid-evening ‘till end of the day, wouldn’t stop raining down superficially on the coastal island, like how she was forced to keep weeping reluctantly. Another week had passed, and Monica still hadn’t been home yet. Dave was still in his slum, working hard and craving towards more money of his own. However, his OCD kept telling him something bad might have happened to his sister - he tended to forget about it and proceed with his occupation. Still, he seemed worried and pessimistic about Monica’s absence.
 A month had passed, and the girl seemingly didn’t want to see her brother anymore. And eventually, Dave abandoned his land and began searching for her, his heart beating faster than ever; as he was sprinting, he tried to look everywhere: the slum, the roads and the different buildings. He even asked some pedestrians if they’d seen a girl with a pair of blue eyes, wearing torn clothes anywhere – most of them said no and some of them ignored him. But as he was sprinting, Dave suddenly remembered about his favorite spot of all and started charging towards the meadow. Shockingly, as Dave entered, everything was dwindling away: the flowers, became brown; the birds, were piled up in the field; and the water, was drained up. Immediately, an unyielding headache struck Dave in his head like a boulder just landed on his skull. He knelt down to the ground, rubbing his forehead for effect and enclosing his eyes in the process, but it didn’t seem to alleviate the pain at all: then, glimpses of images started appearing in Dave’s head and fading away frequently within half a second. 

After the flashes, when he opened his eyes again, the pain unexpectedly stopped, but then Dave knew he was in a completely different world. He instantly sat on his back as he was lying on a bed and started examining the room – everything felt familiar to him: the room, the decors and the pictures hung around the walls. ‘Had I been dreaming all along?’ he asked himself, but before Dave could confirm it – a phone rang from downstairs. Apparently, he was more intrigued in picking it up rather than finding out what he’s been through all those times; and so, he quickly opened the door and came running about downstairs. As he finally got to the stand holding the vintage phone in place, Dave gradually picked it up and held it close to his right ear, readying to hear what’s about to come. 
“Hello?” asked by a soft, sweet and sincere voice coming out of the phone
From that instant, although he couldn’t process the full voice of the person talking to him, he immediately realized who it was as his eyes were shedding tears and content washed through him.
“It’s me, Monica. Your sweet little sister, Dave.”



